README.md, before:

# GGReborn-App
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=flat)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) [![LATEST](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-0.0.4-blue?style=flat)](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-UNKNOWN-blue)
[![DISCORD](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/fHN8Pk9a3Q?style=flat)](https://discord.gg/fHN8Pk9a3Q)

Simple, customizable client with built in flash player to play GoodGame Café, Disco and Fashion.
![image](https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App/assets/78733248/5f615d50-4c95-4b7e-962d-76ce87d0fd45)
## About the project
**Goodgame Reborn is a fan community** dedicated to reviving the flash games from Goodgame Studios (Café, Disco, Fashion) that were discontinued in 2016. Rebuild your dream Café, Disco, or Fashion and connect with old and new friends!
This project is non-profit. All support goes directly into the project. Our team is not connected with Goodgame Studios.
The private servers are developed and maintained by the GGR-Devs team.

## How to install
 - Download the latest version from [here](https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App/releases).
 - Open the installer, then follow the steps.
 - If you downloaded the portable: unzip it, then enter the directory.

Once you have installed the application, launch the GGRebornApp executable.

#### Build it yourself
Make sure you have [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed (you can install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) too).

Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App
```
Install node dependencies using the command `npm install` or `yarn install` (if you installed yarn).

#### Running
To run the app, use the following command:
```
npm run start
```
or (if you installed yarn)
```
yarn start
```

#### Build the app
You need to build the app, then install it to get the new updates installed.

Make sure you have [python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.6.0 installed

To build the app, use the following command:
```
npm run dist
```
or (if you installed yarn)
```
yarn dist
```
then install the package from the dist folder.

## Uninstall
**Warning:** On uninstall, all app data will be removed, including saved accounts from the password manager.

**On Windows:**
1. Open the **Control Panel**.
2. Go to **Programs** > **Programs and Features**.
3. Find the **GGRebornApp** in the list of installed programs.
4. Right-click on the application and select **Uninstall**.
5. Follow the steps to complete the uninstallation process.

### Contributing
Contributions are always welcome!
See `contributing.md` for ways to get started.

Commit message:

Servers not ready in README!

README.md, after:

# GGReborn-App
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=flat)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) [![LATEST](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-0.0.4-blue?style=flat)](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-UNKNOWN-blue)
[![DISCORD](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/fHN8Pk9a3Q?style=flat)](https://discord.gg/fHN8Pk9a3Q)

With this app, you're not getting access to the servers, because the servers are not ready, and still under development. When the servers are done, the app will loads our website where you can play these games.
Simple, customizable client with built in flash player to play GoodGame Café, Disco and Fashion.
![image](https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App/assets/78733248/5f615d50-4c95-4b7e-962d-76ce87d0fd45)
## About the project
**Goodgame Reborn is a fan community** dedicated to reviving the flash games from Goodgame Studios (Café, Disco, Fashion) that were discontinued in 2016. Rebuild your dream Café, Disco, or Fashion and connect with old and new friends!
This project is non-profit. All support goes directly into the project. Our team is not connected with Goodgame Studios.
The private servers are developed and maintained by the GGR-Devs team.

## How to install
 - Download the latest version from [here](https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App/releases).
 - Open the installer, then follow the steps.
 - If you downloaded the portable: unzip it, then enter the directory.

Once you have installed the application, launch the GGRebornApp executable.

#### Build it yourself
Make sure you have [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed (you can install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) too).

Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/GGR-Devs/GGReborn-App
```
Install node dependencies using the command `npm install` or `yarn install` (if you installed yarn).

#### Running
To run the app, use the following command:
```
npm run start
```
or (if you installed yarn)
```
yarn start
```

#### Build the app
You need to build the app, then install it to get the new updates installed.

Make sure you have [python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.6.0 installed

To build the app, use the following command:
```
npm run dist
```
or (if you installed yarn)
```
yarn dist
```
then install the package from the dist folder.

## Uninstall
**Warning:** On uninstall, all app data will be removed, including saved accounts from the password manager.

**On Windows:**
1. Open the **Control Panel**.
2. Go to **Programs** > **Programs and Features**.
3. Find the **GGRebornApp** in the list of installed programs.
4. Right-click on the application and select **Uninstall**.
5. Follow the steps to complete the uninstallation process.

### Contributing
Contributions are always welcome!
See `contributing.md` for ways to get started.
